The name of our game is Tik-that-song, a game that enables one to play tic-tac-toe while listening to music which makes the game more interesting.

Why Tic-That-Song?
Our application basically is targeting younger kids; it is aethetically pleasing and has a cool musical background, which makes it so much fun. The game aims to help children develop a strategy to solving problems and making decisions that involves themselves and other people, because in playing this game you have to learn to predict the next person's move, in order to make yours. It is quite complex hence, it enables the user to think in multiple ways considering multiple scenarios at the same time. We also aim to male the game relaxing through cool music, while tic-tac-toe is a good puzzle game it can cause tension in an extremely competitive environment thus music helps relieve some of the tension too since young kids need a lot of good energy to develop positively. If you want your child to develop congnitive skills and improve their critical thinking ability, our application will do the magic.

How it works:
The user enters either an X or an O in the grid and wait for the computer to respond/ The first player's input will be 0s and the second player's input will be Xs. If you are able to get three of your plays(X or O) in a straightline you win else you lose. If neither of the players win then the game is a draw/ Regardless of the outcome, players can either replay or quit.

Challenges of this Application:
It is quite difficult to defeat the computer, since it goes for the next optimal move, compared to plannijg it with someone who isn't that skilled in game strategy. Also, most kids who come from low-income families, might not be able to access this application, as they may be unable to afford a technological devices/